fix: call focus with focusVisible set to false (#9861)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/lovely-rings-thank.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> fix: call focus with focusVisible set to false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: use `focusVisible: false` to prevent unwanted focus ring on navigation
```
